__What is this?__  \r\nOctopub is.. ehm.. a thing. I guess it\'s sort of a mix between an imageboard, twitter and the YouTube comments section. It\'s a mess, and it\'s quite awesome. Threads are Temporary and volatile.   \r\n\r\n__Rules:__  \r\nOctopub has two simple rules. \r\n1. Don\'t break the law.  \r\n2. Don\'t be an ass.  \r\n\r\nRule 1 is enforced, rule 2 is not, but please just don\'t. Also, breaking the site intentionally is seen as being an ass. If you discover a vulnerability, please contact me.  \r\n\r\n__IDs:__  \r\nIDs are a way of temporarily identifying individuals. They can be seen in the right side of any thread or reply. IDs are here to make conversation with others possible while still remaining anonymous. Your current id can be seen in the colored circle in the top right. Clicking the button to the left of it assigns you a new id.   \r\n\r\n__Threads:__  \r\nThreads are created by clicking the + icon in the top right corner. This opens a prompt where a thread Title and description can be specified. The thread is submitted by clicking the submit button. Your id is then changed to that of the new thread. This is done to make it easy to recognize the OP.\r\nThreads will be usually deleted after around a day of inactivity. This value can vary from just half an hour, to two whole weeks depending on amount of activity in the thread and total amount of activity on the whole site.  \r\n\r\n__Markdown:__  \r\nThread descriptions and replies have full markdown support.\r\nCheatsheet [here](https:\/\/github.com\/adam-p\/markdown-here\/wiki\/Markdown-Cheatsheet)  \r\nA couple of useful tings:\r\n\\_ _For italic_ \\_, \\_\\_ __For bold__ \\_\\_  \r\n\\!\\[alt\\]\\(url\\) To insert an image.  \r\nTwo spaces and an enter for newline, two enters for new paragraph.\r\nOh, and to enter an enter instead of sending the message, try holding shift\r\n\r\n__Media support:__\r\nDue to a series of late night coding adventures OctoPub now has support for images, sounds and video. Media can be uploaded by dragging the file into the text box or by clicking the browse button. The maximum filesize for uploads is 10 mb. \r\n\r\nExternal urls linking to supported media should also autoformat on paste and work just fine. If it does not work, you\'re ether using a browser which needs to be updated, or the link might not be direct. This is to stop mass requests for non-images.\r\n\r\nSupported formats:  \r\n * Image: Jpg, png, gif, webp & bmp\r\n * Video: WebM & mp4\r\n * Sound: Mp3, ogg & wav\r\n * Youtube.com & youtu.be\r\n\r\nThe base formatting for media is \\!\\[alt\\]\\(url\\) , where alt is an alternative text.  \r\nVideos can be formatted as gifs by having alt be \\[g\\].  \r\n\r\n__Privacy:__\r\nOctopub is designed to be completely anonymous. No user information should be disclosed unless the user shares it themselves. Page requests are not logged, though a hash of the users ip address is stored temporarily when interacting with the page. The hash is stored in ram like the rest of the site content, and will expire after 5 minutes. While I would like to avoid doing this, it seems like the best way to avoid misuse of the website.  \r\nPlease do not rely completely on this if you want to remain totally anonymous. While I have done my best, I am in no way a security expert.\r\n\r\n__Repository:__  \r\nThe full OctoPub sourcecode is available [here](https:\/\/bitbucket.org\/SilasAlroe\/octopub). You are welcome to do whatever with it. If you discover any errors, have ideas for new features or want to see something changed, feel free to contact me.\r\n\r\n_--> [silas.alroe.dk](http:\/\/silas.alroe.dk)_